### To Build Your Application using AWS CodeBuild and Deploy on S3 / SEBS using AWS

#### 1. Elastic Beanstalk create web app

- application tag
  - key : ebs
  - val : cicd
- platform
  - php
- code
  - sample application

#### 2. codepileline

- Source
  - Github method
    - [repo link](https://github.com/imoisharma/aws-codepipeline-s3-codedeploy-linux-2.0)
    - Add source in pipeline as git add enter the repo name
  - Local files
    - Download zip from repo and save to computer
    - Add source in pipeline as local
  - Aws Bucket
    - create bucket
      - region same as pipeline
      - Expand Versioning and select Enable Versioning. When versioning is enabled, Amazon S3 saves every version of every object in the bucket.
      - Upload the zip downloaded from repo
    - Add source in pipeline as S3 bucket and select the above created bucket
- Deploy Stage:
  - Deployment provider: Click AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
  - Application name: MYEBS.
  - Environment name: Click Myebs-env.  
  - Click Next step.
- After your pipeline is created, the pipeline status page appears and the pipeline automatically starts
to run. You can view progress as well as success and failure messages as the pipeline perform each
action.

>To verify your pipeline ran successfully, monitor the progress of the pipeline as it moves through each stage. The status of each stage will change from No executions yet to In Progress, and then to either Succeeded or Failed. The pipeline should complete the first run within a few minutes.

#### Now go to your EBS environment and click on the URL to view the sample website you deployed
